What are you talking about?
Who are you?
Even if I jump off this building
You won't regret it.
Hello Manager Gao
Help me buy shares of Longtai Group
How much do you want to buy?
My bank balance is now 100 million
Plus a loan of 100 million
Why don't you buy it?
Chengfeng, did you arrange it?
You're taking too much risk.
As far as I know
Our country is negotiating with a country to join WT
It should become famous in a few days
As expected
Once you have successfully joined Longtai Group's stock
At least 3 times the salary
You fart and you're going bankrupt
How can the company continue to rise?
It's up, Longtai's stock's up, show me
The price went from three to 12.
It has quadrupled and is still rising
Brother, please
Give me a break.
We are all short-sighted little people.
Don't you want to know us in general?
Hmph, I don't have you as a brother.
Companies today are avant-garde.
As long as you can be the third uncle
I can do anything in the company.
Fine. Then you go to the door.